Add a section in RTD describing the E4 verification tests (#753)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: docs/Model_Assumptions.rst

This validation method is commonly used. However, one model cannot absolutely validate another model or claim that one is better than the other. This is why the focus should be on testing the correctness, appropriateness and accuracy of a model vis-à-vis its purpose. Since the MVS is an open source tool, it is important to use a validated model for comparison, but also similar open source tools like urbs and Calliope for instance. The following two articles list some of the models that could be used for comparison to the MVS: `A review of modelling tools for energy and electricity systems with large shares of variable renewables <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rser.2018.08.002>`__ and `Power-to-heat for renewable energy integration: A review of technologies, modeling approaches, and flexibility potentials <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.apenergy.2017.12.073>`__.

.. _verification-tests:

Automatic output verification
#############################

> There are a suite of functions within the MVS codebase module E4_verification.py that run a few checks on some of the outputs of the simulation in order to make sure that the results are meaningful and if something like an excessive excess energy flow is noteworthy. These are valuable tests that act as a safeguard for the user, as the model is not only validated for benchmark tests but for every run simulation.

Author: I am not sure actually :D 

I lifted it out of Martha's paragraph here: https://github.com/rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator/issues/748#issue-780428930

The following are the list of functions that carry out the verification tests:

* E4_verification.detect_excessive_excess_generation_in_bus
* E4_verification.maximum_emissions_test
* E4_verification.minimal_renewable_share_test

> * E4_verification.verify_state_of_charge

Author: Done \m/

> * E4_verification.verify_state_of_charge

Reviewer: You can even say "Done in 
474d41e "

> * E4_verification.verify_state_of_charge

Reviewer: Just copy paste the commit number and git formats it automatically for you :)

The first test serves as an alert to the energy system modeler to check their inputs again, whereas if there are any errors raised within the other functions, it is an indication of something seriously wrong.

> E4_verification.detect_excessive_excess_generation_in_bus

Reviewer: E4_verification is also redundant here no?

Author: Removed :+1:

Reviewer: Removed in 7608999

=========================================================

> As described previously, this test is just to notify to the modeler in case there is an excess generation within a bus in the energy system. Precisely, the modeler is given a heads-up when the ratio of total outflows to total inflows for one or more buses is less than 0.9

Author: its a ratio, so no units ;)

> As described previously, this test is just to notify to the modeler in case there is an excess generation within a bus in the energy system. Precisely, the modeler is given a heads-up when the ratio of total outflows to total inflows for one or more buses is less than 0.9

Reviewer: My bad I overlooked the word "ratio", sorry

E4_verification.maximum_emissions_test
======================================

Other than renewables, source components in the energy system have a certain emissions value associated with the generation of energy. However, the user is able to apply a constraint on the maximum allowed emissions in the energy mix of the output energy system. This function runs a verification test on the output energy system data to determine if the user-supplied constraint on maximum emissions is correctly applied or not. If not, then the modeler is notified regarding the issue.

E4_verification.minimal_renewable_share_test
============================================

This test is carried out on the optimized system which is an output of the simulation. It verifies if the user-provided constraint for the minimal share of renewables in the energy mix of the optimised system is applied properly or not. In case there is a discrepancy, the user is notified about the issue.

E4_verification.verify_state_of_charge
======================================

> This test is intended to check the time-series of the state of charge values for storages in the energy system simulation results to notify of a serious error in case, the SoC value at any time-step is not between 0 and 1, which is physically not feasible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test is intended to check the time-series of the state of charge (SoC) values for energy storages in the energy system simulation results to notify of an error. For example, as it should be impossible for the SoC value at any time-step to exceed the 0 to 1 range, a notification is raise if that is the case .
```
